---
title: October 15th, 2020
---

## Started an enormous [[accounting]] task
### But it seems to have worked

### Few more accounts to add

### Will update bimonthly

## Thought a bit about my [[solitary]][[retreat]][[plan]]
### I'm open to anything but here is an idea of how it could be
#### First week do [[1st jhāna]] and [[2nd jhāna]] to stabilise
##### I imagine I can get into the [[1st jhāna]] within the first few days

#### Second week incline into [[3rd jhāna]]

#### Third week [[4th jhāna]] and onwards

### Basically a second go at the [[jhāna]] [[retreat]] with [[Rob Burbea]]

## [[check out]] Storyville United Skates

## [[Gregory Kramer]] in the [[Whole Life Path]] shares these tenets for an engaged practice
### 1. Ground in the Dhamma.

### 2. Engage all the teachings as practices.


### 3. Exclude no moment, experience, or teaching.


### 4. Find each teaching in the here and now.


### 5. Let all the teachings in fully.


### 6. Engage the teachings individually, in relationship, and socially.

## [[Gregory Kramer]] in the [[Whole Life Path]] includes tenet scan [[practice]] 
### The Tenet Sweep
#### The tenet sweep is best undertaken with an attitude of kindness and patience. We are all ripening gradually in wisdom.

##### 1. Ground in the Dhamma. 
###### What teachings can I apply to my life right now? Do I sense the working of natural laws: in my mind, in relationship, in the world? Can I name them, learn from them? As I study or reflect or engage in conversation, am I considering what I am saying from the standpoint of the early Buddhist teachings? Other wisdom traditions?


##### 2. Engage all the teachings as practices. 
###### Am I merely thinking about the Dhamma or actually practicing it right now? When I read or hear about a teaching, do I put it to work in my life? Which approaches to enacting the Dhamma fit best right now: close observation of my thoughts and behaviors, deep reflection on the teaching, concrete physical actions and social engagements?


##### 3. Exclude no moment, experience, or teaching. 
###### Is this one moment, now, guided by wisdom? Am I excluding anything from the path: my intimate personal life, my professional life, my art or craft, my playtime? Am I avoiding teachings that are difficult to understand? Am I excluding teachings that challenge my belief systems?


##### 4. Find each teaching in the here and now. 
###### Whatever teaching or practice I’m reflecting on or enacting, do I feel it is available for me to experience right now? How is this teaching manifesting in my thought processes, in my bodily experience? What is deeply true in this teaching, and how does it feel to touch that truth here and now?


##### 5. Let all the teachings in fully. 
###### Which teachings are closest to my heart right now? Which am I guarded against or pushing away? Can I feel the possibility of an unintoxicated mind, balanced and clear? Can I sense in my body the energy, challenge, and possibility of the teachings? Am I moved and inspired by this Dhamma-rich path?


##### 6. Engage the teachings individually, in relationship, and socially. 
###### Can I feel that the person I am with right now is a spiritual friend? How am I treating them—with compassion, with generosity? How might we engage the path together, right now, in our conversation or in what we’re doing? Could our togetherness be a doorway out of a heroic and lonely stance? How am I supported and morally challenged by society and humankind as a whole? How can I, alone and collaboratively, bring the wisdom of the Dhamma into these relational and social encounters?

## [[Gregory Kramer]] in the [[Whole Life Path]] includes a path scan [[practice]]: 
### The [[Whole Life Path]] Scan 
#### (based on [[The Eight-Fold Noble Path]] of the [[Buddha]])
##### [[Right View]] (Sammā Ditṭṭhi): 
###### How is my perspective affecting how I see things right now? 

###### Can I see how cause and effect are operating? 

###### Do I discern dissatisfaction or the hunger that drives it? 

###### Can I feel or imagine that release is possible right now? 

###### How is my relatedness manifesting: 
####### With care? 

####### In loneliness? 

####### In wise conversations? 

###### Where is there wisdom in what I am speaking, thinking, or reading?


##### [[Right Intention]] (Sammā Saṅkappa): 
###### What is the purpose of the action I’m doing, the words I’m saying, or the relationship I’m in? 

###### Can I sense the overarching direction of my life right now? 

###### Is it aimed towards shedding or accumulating? 

###### Towards kindness or securing the self? 

###### What vows, commitments, or goals are orienting me now? 

###### How am I engaging the power of shared intention with my current companions?


##### [[Right Speech]] (Sammā Vācā): 
###### Is what I am about to say (or withhold saying) true? 

###### Beneficial? 

###### Timely? 

###### Am I speaking (or not speaking) out of kindness? 

###### For whose harm or benefit am I writing this email, blog post, or creative expression? 

###### Am I engaging in gossip or divisive speech? 

###### Do my words carry compassion or expressions of joy? 

###### Am I listening well?


##### [[Right Action]] (Sammā Kammanta): 
###### Am I acting with care for others, creating safety and not harm? 

###### How might this action impact my own mind? 

###### How might it impact other people and my relationships with them? 

###### What might the social and environmental impact of this action be? 

###### Am I acting wisely with sexuality and intoxicants? 

###### Does what I am doing I proactively contribute to the wellbeing and safety of others?

##### [[Right Livelihood]] (Sammā Ājīva): 
###### In this moment, how am I using the requisites of food, shelter, clothing, and medicine? 

###### How about transportation and communications? 

###### How am I affecting my ecological footprint in this moment? 

###### Do my current professional activities reflect my values? 

###### What is the moral provenance of this money I’m earning? 

###### What is the impact of how I’m spending money? 

###### Is the practice of giving present in what I am doing (saying, thinking) now?


##### [[Right Effort]] (Sammā Vāyāma): 
###### Am I bringing energy to the whole-life path? 

###### Where do I see laziness, and if it is present, can I rise up through it and apply myself to what is good? 

###### If things are difficult now, am I persevering? 

###### What is my effort in this moment to abandon the unwholesome, like greed or aversion? 

###### To cultivate the wholesome, like generosity or mettā? 

###### Is this an appropriate moment for an intentional practice of friendliness, generosity, patience, or tranquility?


##### [[Right Mindfulness]] (Sammā Sati): 
###### Why am I practicing awareness right now? 

###### What am I aware of: 
####### The body? 

####### Feelings? 

####### Mind states? 

####### How Dhamma frameworks reveal and focus experience? 

###### Am I aware of awareness? 

###### How am I aware: Internally or externally? 

###### Noting the rising and vanishing of phenomena? 

###### Where am I practicing awareness: 
####### Here? 

####### In this body? 

###### Is there distance between mind and object? 

###### When am I practicing awareness? 

###### Can I sense the immediacy of now?


##### [[Right Concentration]] (Sammā Samādhi): 
###### Is the mind tranquil? 

###### Is it gathered? 

###### To what extent does the mind rest easily where I place it, or to what extent does it jump around? 

###### How is this present action or this relationship contributing to stillness or agitation? 

###### Are faith, happiness, or contentment present now, and does the mind settle in them? 

###### Can I experience a pleasant abiding in how things are right now?
