---
title: October 11th, 2020
---

## Doing the [[charity application]] for [[Meditation in Action]] I realised I should make a text that explains the connection between [[SanghaSeva]] and [[Meditation in Action]]
### In 2020 SanghaSeva decided to stop running its events in Europe and to concentrate its energies on its retreats in India and Israel-Palestine. We decided to form Meditation In Action to offer the retreats that SanghaSeva had previously run in Europe.

### SanghaSeva has agreed to freely advertise these events on their website as a support to us.

### We want to draw your attention to our relationship with SanghaSeva in this attached document, as we could not find a place within the application form to state it. Below we have explained more:

### Firstly, as we are not replacing SanghaSeva, it continues to exist, we chose to say 'No' under:

### Replacement
#### Page 3 of 33

#### Are you replacing an existing registered charity?

### Yet we are aware we are undertaking events similar or identical in nature to what SanghaSeva previously offered.

### Furthermore we understand that an unincorporated association is not considered a registered charity.

### Next, as SanghaSeva is an unincorporated association, and that is a charitable organisation, we did not feel it was relevant to mention this in the section called: 

### Connections: 
#### Page 29 of 33

#### Is the organisation linked to, or has it been established by a non-charitable organisation?

### The following section was the one we were least certain about:

### Other personal benefits
#### Page 28 of 33

#### Are there any close links which the organisation has, or is likely to have, with any other person or body, which might be relevant to the work of the organisation?

### We tried to say 'Yes'. Yet when we went to add in more details to the table, we could not see how to state a personal benefit: SanghaSeva would not 'personally' benefit from Meditation In Action, nor the other way around.

### We hope we have completed the form correctly, yet felt it best to express here in more detail the relationship between SanghaSeva and Meditation In Action. If you feel we can add this relationship to the application form do let us know where and in what way. 

### At the least we felt this is important information for the charity commission to consider for our application.

### Many thanks,

### The Meditation In Action Trustees

## DONE Clean the basement of termite things [[October 12th, 2020]]

## [[5 Precepts]] by [[Thich Nhat Hahn]]
### **Reverence For Life**
#### Aware of the suffering caused by the destruction of life, I am committed to cultivating the insight of interbeing and compassion and learning ways to protect the lives of people, animals, plants, and minerals. I am determined not to kill, not to let others kill, and not to support any act of killing in the world, in my thinking, or in my way of life. Seeing that harmful actions arise from anger, fear, greed, and intolerance, which in turn come from dualistic and discriminative thinking, I will cultivate openness, non-discrimination, and non-attachment to views in order to transform violence, fanaticism, and dogmatism in myself and in the world.

### **True Happiness**
#### Aware of the suffering caused by exploitation, social injustice, stealing, and oppression, I am committed to practicing generosity in my thinking, speaking, and acting. I am determined not to steal and not to possess anything that should belong to others; and I will share my time, energy, and material resources with those who are in need. I will practice looking deeply to see that the happiness and suffering of others are not separate from my own happiness and suffering; that true happiness is not possible without understanding and compassion; and that running after wealth, fame, power and sensual pleasures can bring much suffering and despair. I am aware that happiness depends on my mental attitude and not on external conditions, and that I can live happily in the present moment simply by remembering that I already have more than enough conditions to be happy. I am committed to practicing [[Right Livelihood]] so that I can help reduce the suffering of living beings on Earth and stop contributing to climate change.

### **True Love**
#### Aware of the suffering caused by sexual misconduct, I am committed to cultivating responsibility and learning ways to protect the safety and integrity of individuals, couples, families, and society. Knowing that sexual desire is not love, and that sexual activity motivated by craving always harms myself as well as others, I am determined not to engage in sexual relations without true love and a deep, long-term commitment made known to my family and friends. I will do everything in my power to protect children from sexual abuse and to prevent couples and families from being broken by sexual misconduct. Seeing that body and mind are one, I am committed to learning appropriate ways to take care of my sexual energy and cultivating loving kindness, compassion, joy and inclusiveness – which are the four basic elements of true love – for my greater happiness and the greater happiness of others. Practicing true love, we know that we will continue beautifully into the future.

### **Loving Speech and Deep Listening**
#### Aware of the suffering caused by unmindful speech and the inability to listen to others, I am committed to cultivating loving speech and compassionate listening in order to relieve suffering and to promote reconciliation and peace in myself and among other people, ethnic and religious groups, and nations. Knowing that words can create happiness or suffering, I am committed to speaking truthfully using words that inspire confidence, joy, and hope. When anger is manifesting in me, I am determined not to speak. I will practice mindful breathing and walking in order to recognise and to look deeply into my anger. I know that the roots of anger can be found in my wrong perceptions and lack of understanding of the suffering in myself and in the other person. I will speak and listen in a way that can help myself and the other person to transform suffering and see the way out of difficult situations. I am determined not to spread news that I do not know to be certain and not to utter words that can cause division or discord. I will practice [[Right Diligence]] to nourish my capacity for understanding, love, joy, and inclusiveness, and gradually transform anger, violence, and fear that lie deep in my consciousness.

### **Nourishment and Healing**
#### Aware of the suffering caused by unmindful consumption, I am committed to cultivating good health, both physical and mental, for myself, my family, and my society by practicing mindful eating, drinking, and consuming. I will practice looking deeply into how I consume the [[Four Kinds of Nutriments]], namely edible foods, sense impressions, volition, and consciousness. I am determined not to gamble, or to use alcohol, drugs, or any other products which contain toxins, such as certain websites, electronic games, TV programs, films, magazines, books, and conversations. I will practice coming back to the present moment to be in touch with the refreshing, healing and nourishing elements in me and around me, not letting regrets and sorrow drag me back into the past nor letting anxieties, fear, or craving pull me out of the present moment. I am determined not to try to cover up loneliness, anxiety, or other suffering by losing myself in consumption. I will contemplate interbeing and consume in a way that preserves peace, joy, and well-being in my body and consciousness, and in the collective body and consciousness of my family, my society and the Earth.

## [[5 Precepts]] by Buddhaghosa, translated by Edward Conze
### I undertake to observe the rule:
#### to abstain from taking life

#### to abstain from taking what is not given

#### to abstain from sensuous misconduct

#### to abstain from false speech

#### to abstain from intoxicants as tending to cloud the mind
