---
title: October 10th, 2020
---

## Need to write a [[newsletter]] for [[SanghaSeva]] to advertise the [[Being Peace]] and [[Sacred Places]] retreats that are [[coming up]]
### Some ideas:
#### Standing up for what we believe in

#### Mettā in action

#### [[dukkha]] as reactivity [[Donald Rotheberg]]'s translation

#### Anger and Love

### Here's a go at the [[newsletter]]:
#### For the last 12 years we have brought international groups into the olive groves and villages of Palestine to see the situation for themselves. We know that viewing the situation in Palestine through the media is not a fair representation of this beautiful country––not least due to the nature of what makes news. 

#### Really we need more and more people to come here, and make friends, and probably also fall in love with life. Because you can't fully feel hospitality, dignity, and really good food––humous, falafel, and fresh pita bread dipped in the olive oil made from the trees you're sitting in the shade of, from a distance.

#### We are dedicated to offering this opportunity to make deep and meaningful connections as soon as the COVID situation allows. Israel is in lockdown again right now, and Palestine is in a fragile situation with it's underfunded health infrastructure. We hope we can open this delightful experience to our international friends soon.

#### But for now we have three types of Being Peace events replacing our longer retreat: Some for people in the area, and some for our international community. We have two **day long trips** into Palestine to help with the olive harvest––still so much good we can do in a day; also we have **a stay in the village** to get a deeper feeling of Palestine––where you lay your head connects your heart; and **an online evening of conversation** for all to come to––bearing witness is a precious gift of presence.

#### We hope to see you at one of these. It looks like we can still offer these retreats even if lockdown in Israel continues. It is possible to extend the normal restrictions if one is helping another being in need (check) and is participating in/doing agricultural work (check).

#### We don't take breaking the lockdown restrictions lightly. So do not come if you have any COVID symptoms or someone near you has had COVID recently. We request all participants to follow the guidelines of mask wearing and physical distancing. Our hosts in Palestine will be expecting this. If you can't follow this simple request please don't register. If you can do this, and want to make a safe and heartful difference to people's lives. Come with us to make friends with your lovely neighbours.

#### https://www.sanghaseva.org/comingup.html#bp

#### We will also be running our Sacred Places retreat on Nov 1 for the third time. This is our chance to embody the deep wishes of nature to be clean and hospitable to all.

#### By connecting to sangha in the morning we refuel in shared intention then disperse like a fine mist of mettā particles into the atmosphere of our location, to do metta's work. I wouldn't have guessed that I would fall in love with litter picking, but it is strangely joyous, and incredibly addictive. I can't wait to get back out into the sand dunes near my home and pull all kinds of plastic out of this natural habitat for lizards, beetles, bats, owls, and many many more expressions of precious life.

#### We're all in this together, let's feel like we are, and act like we love it––because we provably do.

#### Join us: https://www.sanghaseva.org/comingup.html#sacred

#### The last thing to mention is that we're now on Reddit, and the idea is that we can connect there in a similar way to how we used to in the SanghaSeva Online Meetings. Read more about this at: https://www.sanghaseva.org/online.html

## I tried to make an ePub from a PDF didn't work
### It never does.
#### Firstly all the footnotes go all over the place

#### Then the footers and page numbers get in the way

### Simple put it's all too much work

### Then I just dragged it onto the iPad mini and Kindle and it's fine to read just like that

## Just heard about [[DiSSS–DS3]] by [[Tim Ferris]]
