---
title: October 13th, 2020
---

- Great summary/introduction to [[Insight Dialogue]] and the [handles/guidelines](https://insightdialogue.org/relational-practices/insight-dialogue/guidelines/)
    - Pause
        - Temporal pause; stepping out of habitual thoughts and reactions into experience in the present moment; mindfulness.
    - Relax
        - Invitation to calm the body and mind; receiving whatever sensations, thoughts, and feelings are present; acceptance.
    - Open
        - Extension of mindfulness from internal to include the external; spaciousness; matures to include the relational moment; mutuality.
    - Attune to Emergence
        - Attending to impermanence of thoughts and feelings; entering the relational moment without an agenda; “don’t know mind.”
    - Listen Deeply
        - Listening mindfully, with an awareness that is relaxed and open; ripens into unhindered receptivity of another.
    - Speak the Truth
        - Articulating the truth of one’s subjective experience with mindfulness; discerning what to say amid the universe of possibilities.
- [[Case ID 101084281505]]
    - They can see the repairs were replaced, this would rule out hardware issue
        - Unless it isn't actually a working one
    - Restored by Time Machine a 2011 MacBook Air running same OS and the same issues don't occur.
        - Feels this indicates a hardware issue. I said, no, it shows that it's not my stuff. It might be hardware it might be OS. But it shows it's Apple's fault. Not mine.
        - So why do I have the broken computer