- [[Kiran]] [[one to one]]
  - The idea of [[changing the session length]].
    - Positives/potentials
      - Maybe ~30 mins can be more focussed and still go as deep
      - It can be easier to fit into a busy life
      - Could allow for 30 mins weekly, but that wasn't the intention
    - Negatives/risks
      - Not as supportive for calming and centring
        - Possibly requires more preparation: like a 15-30 min meditation before
      - A feeling of rush could incur
      - Something would be left out
        - This relationship is different than a friendship (that's involved) yet the connection is important.
    - Conclusion:
      - Upper limit of one hour, by either party or collectively can be brought to a closure earlier
      - #### I don't feel we've often run out of material so will be really interested to see if we do have the courage to call it to a close much earlier than an hour
  - Work has been the main existence, this last week. And television has taken some of the decompression load normally left for meditation.
    - Stresses of ideas and views and conflict of those in the work place
      - Struggle of holding the views that each person is allowed to have for themselves ^^yet not when they affect others^^
        - Expression of frustration with one person in particular, and the residues of that regret, considering different alternatives, and how to get through this week with them…^^layers of challenge^^
      - Vaccines and benefits and side effects: Voltaire: don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good, informal fallacy of the black and white & nirvana fallacy
    - On bike ride notice the tipping point of flipping point
      - Meditation pulls the plug on more and more forms of grasping
        - Peace comes, symptoms rather than pain
      - Could access that on the bike ride
    - Not even wanting things to go away or be fixed, but to be opened up to and around
      - #### The Buddha spoke of "this is not peaceful" in the sense of there is a peace and this is not it
        - #### I find just dropping the shoulders, breathing more deeply, slowing down what I'm doing, all tend to support less mission mode
      - Dis-identifying and allowing phenomena to spread, flow (as anicca)
      - Much less grasping and directing
        - #### NOTE for K for K: Experience this more through the week
    - Not so worried about if I'm embodied or not
      - Not dependent on the loci or landing of attention
      - A lot of pushing and pulling in a wide attention
        - Can still be trying to escape
        - #### For me this is the atmosphere
        - The boats drifting away, the balloon bring untied…
          - #### Rob Burbea often talks about stretching the awareness and what that does:
            - An activity that awakens energy in a certain way, and opens contraction
        - #### Note that the push and pull in wide attention or wide awarenss with subtle attention are not inherent, but added by the way of looking, way of relating, or atmosphere (three terms with a lot of overlap if not synonymic)
      - Extinguishing dukkha via cultivating the absence of hindrances (in the general sense of blocking and obstructing, rather than the famous five) and taṇhā by allowing
        - Very Zen-like or Daoist principle. Like this [poem](#poem)
          - _^^"The birds have vanished into the sky  
                           and now the last cloud drains away.  
                           We sit together the mountain and I,  
                           until only the mountain remains."^^_
                           
                           [quote](#quote) of [Li Po](#Li%20Po) also known as Li Bai  
                           Translated by Sam Hamill (except he says mountain and me, which just seems ugly to my sense)
  - Letting (go) is painful after chronic tension. Like holding the cliched fist over the head for 2 mins, and the pain of opening it.
    - The subtle mission creep of wholesome practice for wholesome ends through unwholesome means
    - Doing less as a mission that is not a mission. Undoing the urge to fix is the best fix.
      - #### Need to be aware that this is subtle and can be diverted by the subtle urge within us
- Whats the best way to use these advanced commands
-
  #+BEGIN_VERSE
  Wild Geese
  by Mary Oliver
  
  You do not have to be good.
  You do not have to walk on your knees
  for a hundred miles through the desert repenting.
  You only have to let the soft animal of your body
  love what it loves.
  Tell me about despair, yours, and I will tell you mine.
  Meanwhile the world goes on.
  Meanwhile the sun and the clear pebbles of the rain
  are moving across the landscapes,
  over the prairies and the deep trees,
  the mountains and the rivers.
  Meanwhile the wild geese, high in the clean blue air,
  are heading home again.
  Whoever you are, no matter how lonely,
  the world offers itself to your imagination,
  calls to you like the wild geese, harsh and exciting
  over and over announcing your place
  in the family of things.
  #+END_VERSE