- I will try and imagine if it is appropriate and easy to [[import notes]] from my instance of [[TiddlyWiki]] into the new [[Logseq]] markdown
  - Export stream as html list
  - Convert to markdown online
  - Open in notes and change * for - (include a space after the bullet)
    - ** and !!!! for ^^ to make highlights
  - Create Journal page file
  - Copy in dash list in Code (didn't work in Logseq)
    - If page made in Logseq, may need to reindex the graph
- It will also be possible to [[import notes]] from [[meeting]], and [[Dharma talk]]s etc from Apple notes that are structured as dash lists
  - The [[issue]] a current [[Logseq shortcoming]] is the inability to export to PDF
    - The current work around is to use [[Obsidian]] which already has this function. But it means using a vanilla markdown.
- Think I'll start with importing my [[Kiran]] notes and add more detail to the above task list of how to import
- I've often been frustrated by the [[Logseq shortcoming]] not being able to fully [[edit the linked references]] particularly in the meeting notes. But now I find a way around this: to have the linked refs in the sidebar and write in the main page with non relevant blocks closed.
- [[Kiran]] [[one to one]]
  - Sense of progress with leg pain
    - Feel like I more clearly understands that we generate resistance to pain
      - Hard to apply non-resistance: fall in fixing strategy
    - This book offers a no-fix ideology but lets creep in after lots of not doing (**which is a sort of doing**) a few things you can do in relation to contraction and expansion
      - **Like Pema Chodron: The Wisdom of No Escape**
      - The path
        - 1st goal: do nothing
        - 2nd gear: what do I get from current activity, reduce habit loops
          - Notice the freedom from the practice
        - 3rd gear: RAIN with N = Notice (not Non-identification or even Nurture)
    - Feels like a 0 tolerance of doing stuff allows me to be more receptive to the subtle arising of fixing. But lets see how it goes
  - Feels helpful to have a feeling of being a bit better, rather than really great, as the latter leads to more craving
  - Need a week off and retreat to get some space and time to practice. Need to figure out annual leave and figure that our (**is that an ACTION?**)
  - In terms of purpose: "_I don’t need to leave my job. I get a sense of purpose and well being from helping others. And being senior in the company gives me more opportunities to do this._" (from Signal chat)
    - By giving attention to others I can feel the pleasure we all get from this. The job is not getting in the way of that: it is the source of that!
      - **If not the source then an avenue: the happiness is never in the thing, but in the way of relating**
    - Wisdom is being able to discern that grasping for perfection and struggling to arrange things so I can have the maximal impact: rather seeing here right now there is something possible
  - This goes against the western paradigm: to leave our mark by powering through
    - Works against apathy, but simplistic and binary. There is a lot of middle in the middle way between powering and defeatism
  - Working with N's goals:
    - It feel hard to go slow
      - **Even a short time of going slow feels supportive**
    - But meeting everything with mettā feels more accessible
  - Parking working through Seeing That Frees. But feel like I get the main framework.
    - Enjoying the space of bi-weekly meetings, and an open plan-free mode