---
title: Feb 6th, 2021
---

- [[SanghaSeva]] [[Sacred Places]] intentions of participants
    - BIllie
        - boy racers throwing trash over the wall into the field
        - Working with wanting them to know
        - Bring the gentleness
    - Tim
        - good for mental health to be in nature, giving back
    - Adam
        - Sacred Places means a lot
    - Pauline
        - collected fisher's rope for recycling, melt and reform
    - Elaine
        - feel connected to all of us, plant some wild seeds in an industrial area
    - Sami
        - going deeper into the brambles for the next level.
        - In for the long haul, ongoingness, endlessness
        - Need to the local and accessible also, in addition to the radical actions
    - Liz
        - injured, and not much litter, but also on course about refugee in Greece
    - Seni
        - buzzard in the barbed wire - which is used to keep beings about of where they could be free to be
    - Tarisha
        - a 'dangerous' place where 200 yrs ago Irish dug a tidal waterway in Bristol. Walk the length with full attention and see what that brings
    - Stephen
        - also there in Bristol with Tarisha. A neglected but important space. Make it beautiful.
    - Kinza
        - didn't make it to forest last time as so much rubbish on the way. Something about protecting a childhood space
    - Julie
        - Bahai phrase "unity in diversity" taking care of beings that suffer from human stupidity. Have destination aim, but focus on the steps of litter on the way.
    - Rotem
        - going to the nearby wadi often enjoyed and practice meditation in action formally for first time
    - Deanna
        - a way to connect to my location and discover what is needed
- [[1-1]] [[Noam]]
    - Recently feel like my attention is going to other places than I want it to
        - Either I'm working and attending or it has a mind of it's own
            - Run away from reality
                - Sabbe saṅkhāra dukkha
                    - ^^Every moment is a hindrances^^
            - Can fight it or accept it
    - Really want to have a practice
        - Time just pushes away
            - Maybe I need to fix a time
            - [[Discipline, Dedication, and Devotion]]
            - 3 x 5 mins through the four postures
                - Stay in for 15 or 30 sessions
    - Committee of the mind
        - Which voice we listen to
    - We can change but we don't imagine we can
        - Can be simple, scientific, artistic
    - So many ways to play
        - Every time we meet another persona we meet another perspective, and we can learn.
        - We want to listen, learn, develop
        - What do you wish to see happen today
            - A yes, that's great isn't it. What do you love about that?
            - Were heading towards meaningfulness
- [[Joni Mitchell]] ia sublime
    - The tuning on [[Carey]] is insane, rather than EADGBE it's C#C#C#C#G#C
        - https://jonimitchell.com/music/guitarfiles/252.pdf
    - TIL: Joni calls the former E55545 referring to the relationship (in frets) between the bass E and the next higher string (A=5 fret), then onwards (A string 5th fret = D).
    - Because C#C#C#C#G#C could be 5 C# unisons, or multiple octaves with a G# on the 2nd string.
        - She called it C# 0 12 0 7 5
            - 6th and 5th in unison,
            - 4th 3rd an octave higher in unison with each other, and
            - 1st a further octave up.
    - What a great tuning on such a beautiful tune. What an artist!