---
title: Apr 9th, 2021
---

- So here we go
  - Wow this is much better than in the app
  - Think I can make this work
  - Reni asked to have a reprieve from [[Right Speech]] and Z and I had a good discussion about what that could mean
    - We need to talk about someone whom is not here, in ways we wouldn't speak about them if they were
    - We need to express hurt and blame in ways that would not be ethical and considered as we feel too emotional to control or select our words
    - But it needs to be limited in range, temporary in time
- [[Kiran]] [[one to one]]
  - New guy started on Monday
  - So not in extreme crisis adrenaline mode. And loss of drive with sense of importance
  - Time to work on myself
    - This morning with cyclists. Seem contented with their work.
    - I feel done-in.
  - Why life itself is good
    - Need to recover, meditate,
  - In anxiety book: treatments don't work as we're prior wired for escape
    - Need to identify habits that are automatic routines
    - Strategy is designed for reward a slight diminishment of pain
      - Thus avoidance is at the centre and accidentally drives more anxiety
  - Interested in pulling the plug on experience, not ameliorate
    - All the strategies we've followed are modes of escape
      - **_Can be…_**
    - Instead note it
      - It will diminish by itself
      - This eases the amygdala reactivity
      - **Sounds like it would still need more, or already does include more…**
        - Bring interest and curiosity, and investigation
        - **That sounds like skilful distraction (not meant dismissively)**
          - It's more like vedanā practice with acceptance
        - **Also bring in mettā, relaxation, in the space of consciousness**
          - Not forcing it to be better kinder…the mettā doesn't meet the object, but holds the space
          - **A fine way to conceive of it**
    - Investigating what allows for noticing and allowing them
      - Building up the skill of observing phenomena
      - Notice a real reduction in craving
        - **Great, keep following how far this can go**
  - Feeling a sense of responsibility in the dukkha of side effects
    - Noticing a negativity bias, and inquiring (rhetorically) how much positive news would bring balance
    - **Suggesting to use anattā (not personal)**
      - Relax, and breathe
      - Open the space
    - Noticing how this becomes constructive and **individualising and this is true of all dukkha experience**
      - ^^Good example of the second noble truth: when there is dukkha what else is there supporting and creating it
    - Heard in a talk the Buddha didn't just say Life is Suffering. Yet when you open to the global situation it includes a lot of suffering.
      - **There is no good source for information. It's filtered and biased along the way. True of news and history.**
  - **Breath, relax, notice the arising and passing here too**
    - **Probably worth also practicing mettā to oneself, one's colleagues (who no doubt are also affected whether they show it or not), and those affected in other ways.**
    - **Focus on your intentions not on the actions outcomes. Karma is far too complicated to master.**
    - **Be aware of perfectionism as a model for evaluation**
      - Is there space for being good enough?
      - You no doubt know more than I do, but this does sound like negativity bias and perfectionism are having an affect