- [[Kiran]] [[one to one]]
  - Notice unpleasant and habits (just noticing)
    - Then how does it sustain the unpleasant, and can you identify the loop
      - Notice the patterns that try to stump it, which might have been somewhat helpful, while also compressing it, and starting a loop of taṇhā
    - Quite hard to break into deep vedanā without a sense of knowing this can be met differently, as there is almost a biological leant repulsion
    - Like not adjusting the detuned TV set. The vedanā seem still to be as strong, but the relationship has changed. And the frenetic panic has died down, and is more peaceful.
  - Feel like I'm on day three of walking down the street with a hole in it.
    - For the first time avoiding falling in the hole!
      - **Seeing the hindrance trap and stepping aside.**
  - Should we open to more suffering in the world?
    - **Do we need to feel it, or is being aware of it being endless, enough?**
    - **What is really helping? (SanghaSeva inquiry)**
    - Christian friends have access to prayer and God's response, but what should we do when we don't have a clear answer?
    - **Three ways to reading news: perhaps the default is not to read, and only read when:**
      - **We set the intention, we have the time to do it mindfully, then:**
      - **Sit and calm before starting, read, sustain with the feelings it brings, and see what to do with the feeling**
    - Be able to witness more. Read the news and not be overwhelmed.
      - **Show support. Dāna of many forms.**
      - Need to move to action.
  - When head of vaccine didn't get the voice "I am not doing enough".
    - Clear to me and clear to others
    - Now I feel just weeks later, not doing enough or "what should you be doing?"
    - Quick to move to new stage
      - **Developmental urge from behaviour, and also genetic tendency to do**
        - Friend who is living a playful life, seems peaceful. But is that enough?
        - Learned patterns inherited from parents and biological tendencies we picked up in our chemistry
        - Then more immediate waves of habit from recent acts and interactions
      - **What brings meaning at death: Rob Burbea who on his death bed spoke of cherishing what I've received and what I gave**
        - All comes down to pāramīs and dāna is a prime one
  - Time away from job
    - How much time do you need away?
      - Think I'd like 3 months
      - Desire to spend some time in a retreat centre.
    - **All great but maybe it would be enough to ask these questions in an afternoon,**
      - Repeat on a regular basis
      - Inquire with someone you trust
    - **Asking skilful questions:**
      - What would make life meaningful in 5 years time?
      - How would that become close to possible in my day to day?
      - What is the minimum I can live well on?
    - **Are you fearful of not being needed/missed?**
      - Not any longer asked about vaccine, and now that's fine
      - Yet the financial aspect: could I live without that?
        - A sense of security, and a sense of possibilities for adventures: to live well
        - Not needing to go as far as loving living in a shack (although it clearly is possible)