- [[Kiran]] [[one to one]]
  - Much freer weekends and gaps in diary
  - Relief from not feeling so responsible for side-effects
    - See the potential for actually feeling like we've done something special
  - Dharma Practice
    - Wine club meeting got to see how wine supports low anxiety in event, and high bounce back
    - Going into body and not doing anything (no technique being applied) works there
      - It is less bad to be inside the body, than it is to be outside the body watching it unfold
        - Doesn't take sensations away but reduces some of the aversion
      - **We can't be intimate and rejecting at same time. Mindfulness is kindfulness**
        - **Mindfulness has mettā in it. Pay attention = generosity**
    - **Furthermore samādhi is unification: body-heart-mind in same location**
  - Anxiety book and app that comes from personal experience of and escaping anxiety, and a wish to help others, and that touches me
  - Absolute is pain high lately, but the ability to be with it is higher also
    - Not scrambling around for a remedy, but exploring a wise response with less taṇhā
    - Feel like I have a hair-trigger amygdala, so even the smallest grain of taṇhā
    - Feel like applying no-taṇhā creates taṇhā
      - **Do you find that in mettā also?**
        - Much less so?
        - **I find it easier to fill the vacuum in place of taṇhā: upgrade to mettā rather than nothing works for me**
    - Curiosity and kindness at the start of the Anxiety book
      - But rather than the verbal dialogue (**that is implied in the getting to know metaphor**) I get to know sensationally
      - **Get to know it in its own language: sensations. Outside of temporal and spatial comparison. Beyond words**
      - Kind attention to what and how it is. **Less story**
      - Extinguish the craving by wanting something else from it
      - **Drops taṇhā, mission, self, and story (1&2 of the [hindrances](#hindrances)): get into the energy of what's here: 3&4 of the [hindrances](#hindrances)**
  - Meditating much more intensively with more time. Being present with experience.
    - Start 5 mins mettā and pleasant things
    - Breath helpful when there are too many distractions: creates a quick samādhi
      - Good in short term quietening of amygdala, but in longterm takes me away (via taṇhā)