- For [[Insight Timer]] uploading a [[muditā]] [[meditation]]
	- The practice of joy is central in many spiritual traditions. Yet just practicing being joyful, often does not support an easeful joy. In this practice we will enter a more happy and contented way of being through the path of easeful appreciation, gratitude, and kindness.
- DONE Will write a text for a [[SanghaSeva]] [[newsletter]] but it will be mostly an update about [[Sacred Places]] my [[Gaia House]] [[online course]] on [[muditā]] and [[Zohar]]'s [[Bristol Insight]] [[one day retreat]]
  doing:: 1621353948926
  todo:: 1621353940091
  done:: 1621358191912
	- Right now, someone somewhere is doing the right thing. Something beautiful is happening even if what we see is darkness, someone is lighting a candle of hope.
	- Just this week while Israel was shelling Gaza causing a profound number of child fatalities, it has been hard to imagine the light in this horror. Sadly due to years of segregation policies and support for divisive ideologies, racist attacks have been taking place in mixed communities.
	- But I know in the midst of this peace work is ongoing. Tirelessly people are bringing hope to each others lives. Can years of training my attention to land on mediative objects attune me to the hope in this sadness? Not for my well-being alone, but so that I can function for peace.
	- This is a similar mode as we offer in our [[Shaping the World]] events. Can we shape perception (what we see and feel in the world) so that we can shape actions (making our positive imprint in the world). This week all the dāna (donations) raised from the session was given to [[Medical Aid for Palestinians]] and [[House of Hope]] in occupied East Jerusalem.
	- On House of Hope's website they quote [[Mahmoud Darwish]], the wonderful Palestinian poet, “And while you think of faraway others, think of yourself and say: I am a candle to this darkness.”
	- Here is Mira Awad singing the poet's words in Arabic with the most beautiful artistic subtitles I've ever seen: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=Mira+Awad+-+Think+of+others&t=ffab&iar=videos&iax=videos&ia=videos (this link will show you the video without actually taking you to YouTube to have your data ransacked)
	- It is so important for all of to not lose hope. To not forget others, not only in compassion, but also in inspiration. The in-breath to follow our out breath, whether it is a cry or a sigh.
	- We will also do our bit this weekend. With another beautiful and inspiring [[Sacred Places]] retreat.
	- I've written this before in other words, but I must confess I am a litter picking addict. I'm sure you can imagine that you will find something more enjoyable to do this Sunday 23rd May than cleaning up the world around you. And I don't want to doubt you. But I feel that acting for others is the greatest happiness. So it just seems logical to me that acting for the maximum number of other beings must invite the maximum possible happiness.
	- So this is a call and an invitation to act for nature, our oft forgotten (m)other that we are never apart from, always a part of, but also able (paradoxically) to act for.
	- Read more at: https://www.sanghaseva.org/comingup.html#sacred
	- In other news:
		- Zohar will be offering a one day event in Bristol.
			- Resilience and the Art of Happiness: Day Event with Bristol Insight
			  
			  Sat, May 29, 2021, 9:45 am – 3:45 pm (UK time) - Online event via Zoom
			  
			  As human beings our lives include joy and difficulty. Given the changing nature of experience, what kind of happiness is possible for us? Can we discover sources of wellbeing and resilience that are available to us regardless of current circumstances? On this day retreat we will develop insight into how these wholesome states arise, and how they can be nourished.
			  
			  The day will include guided and silent practice, teachings and time for questions. All levels of meditation experience are welcome. The day will be held in silence.
			  
			  Read more at BristolMeditation.org.uk
		- Nathan has an [[online course]] with [[Gaia House]] on [[muditā]]: the divine capacity to find joy through appreciation, wisdom, and ease. It's called **[[Wellspring of Well-being]]**
			- It starts on Thursday 10 June, and runs for 5 weekly evening sessions.
			- The Buddha’s teachings for the radical reduction of stress and distress, open up a deep, reliable, and nourishing wellspring of well-being. This profound yet accessible harmonisation can be called a blameless happiness. Blameless in its impact: for it neither negatively affects us nor others near or far. And blameless for how it arises: not through habitual patterns of competitive greed and ignorant harmfulness, but through wise, kind, and skilful ways of relating.
			  
			  On this five week course we will explore ways to find, cultivate, and sustain joyful states of mind.
			- Read more here: https://gaiahouse.co.uk/programme-2021/wellspring-of-well-being/