---
title: Case ID 101084281505
---

- So I'll try to use this page to collate all the relevant info from the PDF I got from [[Apple]] [[October 3rd, 2020]]
    - I think there is a need to argue for a [[CRU]]
        - ((96e362ab-8646-4550-a66a-d76720cf64d7))
        - On 24 Sep 2020, at 13:42, AppleCare Site Support Engineering (Portable Mac HW) <[redacted]> wrote:
            - Please include the line below in follow-up emails for this request.
                - Follow-up: 744226411
                    - Hi Dwayne,
                    - Thank you for following up on this case. I appreciate our customer's frustration. If this device has an issue that is under investigation, a replacement might behave in the same way.
                      ID:: 3d5cb0d3-924d-48b8-8e2a-dcfcee7130ea
                    - Having said that, if there are circumstances that justify a [[CRU]], I would leave this to your better judgement.
                      ID:: 96e362ab-8646-4550-a66a-d76720cf64d7
                    - I hope that this reply is helpful. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let me know, using the same Follow-up ID.
                    - Best regards,
                    - [redacted]
                    - EMEIA AC Site Support Engineering Consumer. Apple Distribution International Ltd
        - TODO The main question is what is the circumstances that justify this, and how to convince Dwayne that these are present?
            - Multiple repairs (see 2-3 times: https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/when-will-apple-replace-a-macbook-pro-under-apple-care.2090064/)
        - The message above was sent in response to this message from Dwayne:
            - The customer requested I reach out as he feels this issue is not going to be resolved by waiting and wants the Mac to be replaced.
            - He wanted to make the following points and pass these on as he requested to speak directly with engineer which I said wasn’t possible.
            - This Mac was purchased as a refurb unit and was likely returned for the issues the customer is reporting so has been there since manufacture.
            - There have been multiple Mac OS updates and upgrades all of which haven’t resolved the issue to date
            - Logic Board and Keyboard have already been replaced and not resolved the issue
            - The customer feels that he should be entitled to a working Mac which this isn’t and the only way this will be resolved is by replacing the machine
    - Then I must argue that Apple does not know what this problem is
        - ((48dabcee-46a7-48b0-b236-4ebb7121d5a7))
    - I also should argue that this is not scheduled to be fixed––therefore with no timeframe there is no reasonable request of me: waiting for Godot
        - ((20426a08-5e4b-4c5f-bc10-088429d2f983))
        - On 17 Sep 2020, at 18:56, AppleCare Site Support Engineering (Portable Mac HW) <[redacted]> wrote:
            - Please include the line below in follow-up emails for this request.
                - Follow-up: 744226411
                    - Hi Dwayne,
                    - Thank you for following up on this case. I agree that the external hard drive is probably not related to the issue. t looks like the space bar eventually becomes responsive, opening the .GIF that our customer has been searching for.
                    - We have received similar reports of and are investigating.
                    - "Apple Engineering has received reports of this symptom and are investigating. Further updates, **if any**, may come by way of a software update, base article or software release.”
                      ID:: 48dabcee-46a7-48b0-b236-4ebb7121d5a7
                    - We must be careful **not to set any expectations this will be resolved in a future software update, as we have no ETA for further information at this time**. Please refer to [redacted]
                      ID:: 20426a08-5e4b-4c5f-bc10-088429d2f983
                    - If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let me know, using the same Follow-up ID.
                    - Best regards,
                    - [redacted]
                    - EMEIA AC Site Support Engineering Consumer. Apple Distribution International Ltd
        - This message was sent in response to a message from Dwayne showing a video of a recent freeze.
    - Zohar believes there is an inclination of the current explorations by [[Apple]] to be presuming this is a software fault with a software fix.
        - She's right this is the current lens
            - There is nothing left to replace of the computer.
            - ((3d5cb0d3-924d-48b8-8e2a-dcfcee7130ea))
            - But of course neither this computer nor any replacement should act this way.
                - I don't use illegal or even uncommon programs. There isn't a clear problem.
                    - ((b9d204ed-cbf2-4b6d-80e2-226eacac4c18))
                    - From the engineers on Oct 1
                        - To: [redacted], [redacted], [redacted]
                        - Subject: Re: MacBook Air (Retina, 13-inch, 2018) : Keys do not respond : Mac unresponsive when waking up from sleep : 101084281505
                        - Please include the line below in follow-up emails for this request. Follow-up: 744226411
                        - Hi Dwayne,
                        - Thank you for following up on this case. This is a sleep wake failure. This can be caused by a number of issues, such as an app or process hanging/ crashing while the computer is sleeping, or prompting semi-wakes to the extent that the logs flood the system. A wireless printer queue could cause this to happen, as an example.
                          ID:: b9d204ed-cbf2-4b6d-80e2-226eacac4c18
                        - The error doesn't include the macOS version or build number. Can you check with our customer please what version of macOS is presently installed? Did the issue occur after installing any of the recent updates from last week?
                        - I really would need a sysdiagnose to investigate.
                        - Regards,
                        - [redacted]
                        - EMEIA AC Site Support Engineering Consumer.
                        - Apple Distribution International Ltd
                - None of these seem to be the fault.